Goal: To experimentally approximate overall damping (zeta) and spring constant(k) of a car by using 2nd order response to various inputs (step and impulse).
Experiments: A smartphone (this case iphone) is mounted with a piece of tape inside the car on a flat part (in between front two seats). An app that can read accelerometer values is installed on smartphone. Frequency of accelerometer readings is set at 100Hz. Pop the trunk of your car (this is where you will apply load/froces). Start the app and let it stabilize to some readings (usually attains very quickly). After you turn on your app and it stabilizes to a value, make sure you do not disturb/apply any forces to it. If you do, let the car come to complete rest (you should discard those readings while you process your data later on).
Assuming your app is turned on, now you're ready to apply some input/force to your car (approximated as a 2nd order system).
Step Input - At t=0 sec, a step input signal (force in this case) is applied and it is continued to be applied for some period of time (you decide how much time you want to apply, but make sure time is not so small that the input behaves as impules input). How do we apply step force practically? Just hop in the trunk of your car, make sure your feet are on not touching the ground i.e. your entire weight acts as a force, stay in the trunk for some time till the system comes to rest after initial oscillations. Now, you can ask someone to turn off the readings or you can get off the trunk and turn off the readings. If you do this experiment by yourself, you need to be careful about the spike you get when you get off the trunk (impulse response type). You need to discard those end reading as well while you process the data. The amont of step force in this experiment is your weight in (N) i.e. (mass * 9.81) N
Fit the 2nd order response to the processed data as shown in the mathematica notebook.
Impulse Input - All the procedures remains same except how you impart the impulse force. For impulse like input, the time period for which force is applied should be very small (theoretically). In this experiment, just jump/step on the rear end of the car and jump/step back off ASAP. In this way, you can minimize the time the force is applied so that we can approximately apply Impulse input. Process the data and discard the ones that do not relate with the impulse response.
Again, fit the 2nd order response for Impulse input.

Fitting the data with 2nd order response model: * you can fit the direct acceleration readings with theoretical acceleration response of 2nd order response. This way you don't have to integrate the acceleration twice (which creates integration error while using Euler method or any another method, although RK4 is usually close to what it should be) to get the position to fit with theoretical position response of 2nd order response.

Additional modification might be necessary to get a really good result. 

Follow necessary safety precautions while conducting this experiment.
